elaOP Clap Alaways Late elaOP Clap Never First Try elaOP Clap Need More Burgur  elaOP Clap
zfg does your mom call you zelda freak glitcha when shes angry instead of zfg? my mom does that all the time with my name
Please stop messaging me. I am not "trap" (im a girl) and even though it is cool that you are gay because it's 2017 i dont appreciate you sending me links to pictures of your schnitzel and butthole. I do not have AIDS and thus am incapable of "pozzing your hole" (i dont even have a schnitzel). If you are reading this know that this guy is a fat creep and is only looking for salami and has an unhealthy obsession with "traps". There ARE girl gamers. WE DO EXIST and not every girl on the internet is some mentally ill dude pretending to be a girl. I reported you to steam btw.
This isn't a copypasta, I just need to seriously discuss something, the mods need to understand that retroactive enforcement of rules is not good modding. If the streamer asks a user to stop, and they stop, then you shouldn't time them out retroactively. If the chat is getting out of hand, then you time out new copypasta posters, not the old ones. And if you're gonna time people out, 30s is fine, 5 minutes is overkill and lame.
@KingGeorgeTV Hey, George! What's up, man? It's Steve from math class a few years ago. I didn't know you were some kind of internet superstar hahahaha. Hit me up, man. Btw, did you ever hook up with Alyssa? She was a big girl hahah. You are such a dog. It's so cool to see you again. You have my numbah. Just hit me up, man.
Zfgs stream is very nice to watch because he is a friendly zelda speedrunner. Zfg also is very calm while running this game so i decided to watch him whenever i need to sleep. I hope you get your wr very soon and i wish zfg good luck and fun at future runs and agdq
I don't care what your opinions on Arian, the bot, or the admins are. This was ridiculous. I'm honestly very disappointed. I don't care what your goal was, spam and being obnoxious is not the answer. So i'm going to make you guys a deal, I will listen to your feedback and give it to Arian. I only have the ability to delete posts, and if I could do more I would most certainly put the "rogue" admins in their place, but that is Arian's decision, so work with me for the time being. I will help you all the best I can, but I can't do much at the moment.
How often do you have full power charges from your weapon swap jaws of agony, full frenzies, onslaught, have thrown a vaal lightning trap, put down your ancestral protector totem, procced your elemental overload with orb of storms, turned on your vaal haste, put down your frost bomb, have the lightning aura from your lightning golem active, are on full hp for boot enchant and the gem, but hit and savage hit recently, also running blood rage, all at the same time, against a white mob?
The intent is to provide players with a sense of pride and accomplishment for unlocking different heroes. As for cost, we selected initial values based upon data from the Open Beta and other adjustments made to milestone rewards before launch. Among other things, we're looking at average per-player credit earn rates on a daily basis, and we'll be making constant adjustments to ensure that players have challenges that are compelling, rewarding, and of course attainable via gameplay.
the new 100% strat realy ruffles my feathers, we were ALREADY skipping house cow, and we ALRAEDY ended 100% with the door of time still closed, and now we do a bunch of DUMB rolls up and down stairs, and the royal grave isn't even destroyd at the end, when are we gonna get category reform so we can all see the true 100% we want?
NA THIS CmonBruh EU THAT CmonBruh CMONBRUH CmonBruh YOU AINT EVEN PLAT
Guys, seriously, Zfg is 12 years old. You may not know this, but he's an experiment by the United States Military. He was injected with the experimental drug MEMES in utero, which caused him to accelerate, or "speedrun" his metabolism, and hence why he looks the way he does at 12 years old. All these copypastas about Zfg are highly disrespectful to a true patriot whose literally very existence is dedicated to serving his country. Thank you.
i must say (ask) something. My personal dream is a "normal run"...i mean no jump or roll to accelerate. just walk normally. but straight to the known goal. why?To make the game like a movie we can see or show to make people discover that master peace without all the annoying jumpings. make the run be a movie.Even if you have to lose time to show wonders of the game.Do you understand what i mean?thanks.(you rock!!)
Glitchless really rustles my jimmies. I dont think the runners know what a glitch is. I mean, do they really think boosting yourself with a bomb is ok? doing fire temple first!?! the leaderboards should be cleared; the category is corrupted. Hell, one should be DQed if they balkwalk because I tellin you there is no way that was intended by the creators
zfg im blind and im having someone else describe your run to me, but shes having trouble since she doesnt understand the glitched going on. Can you kindly resort to some more understandable strategies?
one calorie, two calorie, three calorie, more food for me OpieOP
Wow you actually are really bad at this game, honestly you're worse at oot than my nan is at cod. Please just retire mate. You're obviously getting too old to speedrun after all you have just turned 12. I hope you thought about your retirement fund while you were still young. I know you want to get good and all but I think you should retire a commentate smash or something.
ATTENTTION SPEED MAN. Hey speed man, im watching you with my wife and kids. Could you please go a little slower? we're trying to figure out what zeldas superpower is. no mortal could go through the ground and stuff. also my wife baked some meat loaf for dinner, want to come over? thank you speed man and god bless.
Fucking MoonMoon subs in all my streams spamming these stupid fucking emotes. I swear they're all 12 year old kids who subbed to this goofy ass mother fucker (who's not even good at the game, just a decent tank player who gets carried) with their mom's credit cards they stole. If I see one more goddamn purple face I think I'm going to scream. My AGDQ chat experience has been ruined time and time again by these spammers and frankly, I'm getting tired of it
the e x p l o i t e r 2 7 is a ancient meme from e x p l o i t e r 2 7 ancient ages
I'll have you know I served 1337 successful missions in the Kekistani meme wars of 2016 with over 420 confirmed redpills. Black ops, psyops, intel, counter-intel -- you name it, I did it. At one point I was so far undercover as a (((blackpilled shill))), I forgot which side I was fighting for. You see, I have a very particular set of skills, skills I have acquired over a very long career as a dank meme operative. Skills that make me a #nightmare for people like you.
Kidding ? :DDDDDDDDDD You reseted a game if you do small fail ? XDDDD Its nice ...
@GODaZeD Hey, Sam! What's up, man? It's Mike from math class a few years ago. I didn't know you were some kind of internet superstar hahahaha. Hit me up, man. Btw, did you ever hook up with Jessica? She was a big girl hahah. You are such a dog. It's so cool to see you again. You have my numbah. Just hit me up, man.
DaZeD isn't so great? Are you kidding me? When was the last time you saw a player with such an ability and movement in CS:GO? DaZeD puts the game on another level, and we will be blessed if we ever see a player with his skill and passion for the game again. KennyS breaks records. Coldzera breaks records. Stewie breaks the rules. You can keep your statistics. I prefer the magic.

It's hard. You have furion. It's hard. You have Mirana. You have to land an arrow. It's hard. Everything is so hard. But they, they're Russians, you know. They run at you, they're gonna see you, they're gonna go. And - it's hard.
Strimer, please help. My psoriasis is reaching a level where my quality of life is in jeopardy. Red blotches on my skin, along with stretch marks, have rendered me anathema to most women. I try and use a variety of creams and ointments but nothing seems to work. I'm currently eating a large pepperoni pizza with cheesy crust to help me calm down. Thank you for being such a positive and enjoyable voice. Your stream gives me hope and makes me happy. Thank you
After multiple surgeries when I was young, my spatial and depth perception is completely distorted. Thus, I cannot play 3d games, but only sidescrollers. This has caused me problem with employment, so I have to take menial jobs. Despite my iq (197), I work cleaning toilets and sometimes in the toll booth. Women can't see past my thick glasses and porous skin features.
PogChamp How does he do it? PogChamp I have no clue PogChamp It's Paracusia PogChamp On Station 2 PogChamp
Streamer, I am currently trying to pick up women and need advice. I am horribly burned and have skin that is multishaded. While I make a lot of money, I lack a funny and charismatic personality. I am willing to watch the notebook though.
xQc isn't so great? Are you kidding me? When was the last time you saw a player with such an ability and movement with Winston? Felix puts the game in another level, and we will be blessed if we ever see a player with his skill and passion for the game again. You can keep your statistics. I prefer the monkey.
soviet it's a way of thinking, acting, and overall living, with total disregard of fair play, integrity, moral, rule of law and other such alien/bourgeois western concepts that lenin marx stalin and other like them have fought to eradicate. They might be long gone, but they keep living trough people like Putin, still poisoning young people's minds today.
soviet knows no national bounds - and after all, there are less than a handful of countries truly liberated from mama bear's grasp, plus, at any time she can decide to neighbour.. whoever she wants. Still, it's rather unfair to place all the blame on russians, when ukrainians belarusians estonians and the other dozen former USSR states have their fair share of soviets.
People are always asking me, "hey, you subscribe to ZFG, the Zelda Freak Glitcha, don't you?" "Yeah", I say. They look shocked for a moment and then ask, "Oh wow. Is he as good of a guy as everyone says?" I pause. "No, he's not."I reply.
hey zfg I made you this fan art, i hope you love it as i put much love into it :) http://imgur.com/a/4m6CE
zfgSpeedPolice zfgStick zfgSpeedFrog POLICE MAN IS ABUSING SPEEDFROG. 1 SUB = 1 LESS WHACK
I'll have you know that I am not the typical runner. While some runners bring water bottles with them I don't. You might be asking yourself, 'but bro, how could you not drink water after running around a while?' Simple. I drink my own sweat. After running for some time, your shirt and shorts start to accumulate a good portion of water from your body, water that is easily accessible and ready to drink wherever you go. You might also be thinking now, 'Eww, gross! Why would you do that?' The reason I do this is because I want to challenge myself even further, running until I am able to drink almost all of the liquid goodness my body emits. Only doing this will you truly understand the value of water, rather than just gulping down entire quarts after a simple run. Water bottles are for wussies that want refreshment handed to them in a nice convenient vessel to sip from, never going the extra mile and try to push themselves to the limit. Sometimes when I run out of sweat water but want to run some more, I look around to check for nearby sources of water that I can easily attain. These sources usually range from the dew on grass to puddles on the street and sidewalk. Sometimes I dig up water from my neighbors yard after he had just watered some of his plants to get a good amount to take me running back again, passers by usually leave me alone and I don't my neighbor minds since he touches himself sometimes as he watches me drink, but that's cool though. To sum this all up you guys should start drinking your own sweat to appreciate water more and get a better workout, I hope one day we can drink each others sweat as we run together.
I'll have you know that I am not the typical runner. While some runners bring water bottles with them I don't. You might be asking yourself, 'but bro, how could you not drink water after running around a while?' Simple. I drink my own sweat. After running for some time, your shirt and shorts start to accumulate a good portion of water from your body, water that is easily accessible and ready to drink wherever you go. You might also be thinking now, 'Eww, gross! Why would you do that?' The reason I do this is because I want to challenge myself even further, running until I am able to drink almost all of the liquid goodness my body emits. Only doing this will you truly understand the value of water, rather than just gulping down entire quarts after a simple run. Water bottles are for wussies that want refreshment handed to them in a nice convenient vessel to sip from, never going the extra mile and try to push themselves to the limit. Sometimes when I run out of sweat water but want to run some more, I look around to check for nearby sources of water that I can easily attain. These sources usually range from the dew on grass to puddles on the street and sidewalk. Sometimes I dig up water from my neighbors yard after he had just watered some of his plants to get a good amount to take me running back again, passers by usually leave me alone and I don't my neighbor minds since he touches himself sometimes as he watches me drink, but that's cool though. To sum this all up you guys should start drinking your own sweat to appreciate water more and get a better workout, I hope one day we can drink each others sweat as we run together.
Why is IMAQTPIE such an extraordinarily good player? One might think it's because of his unparalleled reflexes or his deepest understanding of every single detail and its impact on the game. The truth is IMAQTPIE is miles ahead of every single player in the competition when it comes down to the memes. He only harvests the freshest and spiciest memes there are, consequently destroying the enemy players with their second hand memes.
Hey Arteezy, I'm currently watching the stream with my 5 year old son, now I don't mind all the raging and cursing but can you please stop feeding? I don't want my son to learn how to suck at dota2 thanks!
i think its hilarious u kids talking shit about Dafran. u wouldnt say this shit to him at McDonalds, hes jacked. not only that but he wears the freshest clothes, eats at the chillest restaurants and hangs out with the hottest dudes. yall are pathetic lol
CHONATION STRONG LIKE NIPPON STEEL FOLDED OVER 1000 TIMES CUT THROUGH ANYSING STRONG LIKE JAPANESE BUSHIDO SAMURAI WARRIOR RESILIENT LIKE TOYOYA CAR STILL ON ROAD AFTER 30 YEARS
THIS ISN'T EVEN A COPY PASTE, THIS IS ABOUT THESE CHILDISH NOOB MODS CONSTANTLY MAKING NOISES AND BEING DISRESPECTFUL, I WILL NOT TOLERATE TO BE TALKED TO IN A SEXUALLY HARASSING MANNER, THIS CANNOT STAND. I'M CALLING MY DAD AT TWITCH.TV TO REPORT THIS CHANNEL ONCE AND FOR ALL
Android isn't my brather? Are yew keeding mee? Wheen waas the laast taaim you saw a pleyur wit sach an abeelitee and teamwerk wit sheek? Android puts thegaem in anadur levull, and wee wiil be blesd if wee evur see a playurr wit his skil and pashin far thegaem evur agaenn. I THINK mang0 braeks rakkerds. I braek rakkerds. Android braeks the reuls. Yew can keep yor relateevs. I prefurr the brather.
hey zfg i had a guy in my class who could suck his own schnitzel, no joke, the fucker went one day on class like, yo dudes, watch this, BLAM motherfucker cleaned his own sword until we got the balls to get near him and make him stop  LUL
Every night I go to bed with my zelda amiibo in my hands hoping and praying each night to the golden godesses "please zfg, run all permanent flags so my life will be complete." One day I hope my prayers are answered, as everyday I make sure to practice my HESSing and spoon strats. Thank you ZFG, for everything you've done.
Why do you call yourself a "Freak" Glitcha, ZFG? Is it because you're depressed? You don't have to go through this alone. When you dial 1-800-273-TALK (8255), you will hear a message saying you have reached the National Suicide Prevention Lifeline. You will be helped by a skilled, trained crisis worker who will listen to your problems and will tell you about mental health services in your area.
I miss the old Mang0 mangoPog , straight from the (Ready?) Go Mang0 mangoAT The best Falco Mang0 mangoFalco , read all the rolls Mang0 mangoKrey I hate the new Mang0 mangoW , play Chu and lose Mang0 mangoRIP , Buster in crews Mang0 mangoBUSTER , drink all the booze Mang0 mangoForty mangoBleh
The Mustang GT is decent, but if you want bang for the buck, get a Chevrolet Camaro.
It's faster.
It handles better.
It's more comfortable.
I want to like the Mustang since the 5.0L Coyote engine, and 5.2L Voodoo engines are fantastic, but I know where Ford cut the corners on it. On the GT, the cost cutting is the manual transmission. Said manual is the same as the previous 2011-2014 Mustang GT. So it's the same problematic Chinese-built 6 speed.
If you step up to the Shelby, the mechanical cost cutting continues. The GT350 transmission is the SAME Tremec TR3160 used in base model 4 cylinder and V6 Camaros. Go up to the V8 Camaro SS, or ZL1 and the manual transmission on offer is a bulletproof Tremec TR6060, a beloved transmission you can't get in the Mustang.

Yes the Mustang has better visibility, barely.
Yes the Mustang has a better interior, barely.
Yes the Mustang has a larger trunk opening.

But honestly, I'll take the GM compromises in exchange for rock-solid mechanicals over Ford cost-cutting the mechanicals for better subjective elements.

ZFG made it to school, losing 3 minutes on his split. Back to gym class, it's rope climbing time. ZFG goes first, its time for him to climb. To help him get motivated, he imagines there to be .txt document of the Zelda Timeline at the top of the rope. He saw his crush, Ruto, was watching. ZFG begins to sweat, and starts climbing the rope to impress ruto. Coach Dampe yells, "No way you'll get that sub 4:15 with this pace". ZFG says this run sucks and resets
Do not insult a person to be a nazi so lightly, there are numerous people still denying the holocaust and the existence of gas chambers when they have been contradicted heavily and constantly by many many historians. zfg's chat is serious and you should stop writing shitty oneliners to mock moderators, as authoritarian as they can be.
glitchless is pouring unprocessed flour down your throat and washing it out with canned tomato juice until you vomit or die LUL
Now I don't want to brag. And I can't say I didn't deserve it. Zombie-like, in my slumber, I waited out the timeout. I couldn't see the end at times. Mercifully, it was not permanent. Oh, for the day where plebs can chat in peace. Disasters like this never happened in the good old days. Stream used to be chill, but if you read the first letter of each sentence you will know what happened. 
What in the name of Elion did you just say about me, you filthy life-skiller? I'll have you know I graduated top of my class in the holy college, I've been involved in numerous secret raids on Barcode, and I have over 500 combined gear score. I am trained in siege warfare and I'm the top PvPer in the entire NA server. You are nothing to me but just another karma-bomber. I will kill you with thrusts the likes of which have never been seen before, mark my words. You think you can just say that to me over Discord? Think again. As we speak I am contacting my fellow Valkyries across the server, and your node-fort is being scouted right now so you better prepare for the zerg. The zerg that wipes out the pathetic little thing you call a base. You are going to be sent to the sulfur mines. I can be at any node, any time, and can kill you in over seven hundred ways, and that's just with my shield. Not only am I extensively trained in Lancia combat, but I have access to the entire arsenal of the holy college and I will use it to its full extent to wipe your miserable ass off the face of the black desert. If only you could have known what holy retribution your "clever" little statement was about to bring down upon you, maybe you would have held your tongue. But you couldn't, you didn't, and now you're paying the price. I will flag on you, and you will drown in your own blood. You're dead, scrub.
@Zfg1 you remind me of the autistic girl i fucked in 7th grade. I fingered her and my fingers smelt like peanut butter for a week.
ResidentSleeper "Alright, grow, I guess"  ResidentSleeper "Haven't grown in a while, let's grow  ResidentSleeper "growing isn't that good, but alright"
I only play true ethical SSF hardcore. I delete every meta unique I find because it is unethical to keep it. When my character dies, I delete every item in every stash tab because it's not true ethical SSF hardcore otherwise. I Vorici break every six-link I land because it is unrealistic to ever six-link an item in true ethical SSF hardcore. I skip the Labyrinth because Ascendency Classes are unethical powerhouses. Every time a Vaal Orb drops, I immediately use it on a randomly equipped piece of gear to increase the challenge. I've had global chat and trade chat disabled since I got my beta invite back in 0.9.2d, the Merveil fireball optimisation and curse duration patch, because player interaction gave too much advantage. I've sent at least 84 emails to GGG support over the years asking for unlimited ignore player space so I can make sure that no one talks to me when I'm in town. I read and listen to every lorestone, notes, books to fully immerse myself in the true ethical SSF hardcore experience. Every time I go into this general and read the word "meta", "trading", "blade flurry", "clear speed", "Headhunter", so on and so on, I make sure to thrust my giant vibrating dildo one to three times to punish myself accordingly for tainting my TESSFHC experience. I've stolen at least a dozen credit cards from my parents to pay for the 3,250 normal stash tabs that I have to show my support for GGG and the true hardcore game that they have developed. It deeply saddens me that PT left, he was the only one that spoke only truth. Why do you self-proclaimed SSF hardcores even try to pretend that you're truly SSF hardcore? You make me fucking sick.
moon2MLADY your rank: 2000, and in a 6-stack premade you use to try to go against teams that aren't communicating. I can hear you nasal voice through the mic now moon2MLADY
Wanna know who the best Pokemon obviously is? Malamar. Everything about it is just astounding, its stats, typing, etc. Its typing is very versitile, making it only weak to bug and fairy type. Its stats give it some nice bulk to it, and has astoundingly good Attack! Better yet, Malamar has a unique evolution, you have to hold your 3DS UPSIDE DOWN! YOU HEARD ME CORRECTLY, UPSIDE DOWN! That alone is what makes Malamar one of the greatest Pokemon ever. Its design is just plain flawless, so why would you choose any other Pokemon over Malamar? It is based off of a vampire squid, a squid that is known for turning inside, KINDA LIKE HOW MALAMAR EVOLVES! THE REFERENCE TO ITS OWN CREATURE IS JUST AMAZING! Great work Gamefreak, you have made one of the best Pokemon there is to date!

Dear Aphromoo, you are the first and only black guy who has ever been nice to me. All the other blacks in my life have always beaten me up and made fun of me. They made me racist as hell. I hope you dont treat others like they destroyed my self esteem. BibleThump
I want to turn into Luna's bodysuit
She wouldn't notice anything weird and wear me into the battle
And then I would tease her naughty bits
I would gently lick her nipples and play with her cunny
Not too much though, just enough to get her aroused
As she would kill more enemies and get carried away by the slaughter I would increase my "assault"
By the end of the battle she would be very close and I would give her the pleasure of finishing the "job" herself, enjoying every last drop she let into me
However, the story wouldn't end here
Much to her surprise, she wouldn't be able to take me off
Multiple tongues I would've grown inside the suit would caress her plump breasts, stiff nipples, perfect tummy, fit ass and her clitoris
I would grow two dongs right inside the suit which would fill her unexperienced pussy and virgin ass
They would vibrate as she moaned and quivered around, helpless and increasingly aroused
Two pulsing dongs inside her loin and tongues working every single inch of her body wouldn't take too long to bring her to another pleasant ending
That wouldn't be it yet though
For the last stage, I would begin to pump her with my schnitzel while intensely vibrating around her erogenous zones
After giving her yet another orgasm, I would turn back into a fat-ass self insert and run away
Sucking spaghetti ain't just for the gays any more, fellas. It's a very useful bartering tool that I have personally employed for the last decade. But you're going to want to hone your skills first before putting them into play. Practice on bananas or cucumbers to start. When you feel comfortable, get together with some buddies for a suck session and critique each other until you feel confident. Now it's time to put the schnitzel where your mouth is. A few months ago, I applied for a position at Jersey Mike's Subs. The manager told me I was grossly unqualified and one of the most incompetent people he's ever met. He was singing a different tune after I tickled my tonsils with the tip of his prick. I've been making subs thirteen hours a week ever since. But it doesn't end there. You can use your schnitzel sucking prowess to conquer many of life's little obstacles. Got pulled over for speeding? Suck that bratwurst! Long line at the supermarket? Suck your way to the front! Wife mad at you for sucking so much spaghetti? Suck hers! It's 2017, boys, and it's time to relinquish your homophobic tendencies. Swallow your pride, then swallow that load!
I have a dream that one day Plebs and Subs will Spam together in harmony. Plebs should be judged not by the frequency of their spam, but the quality of their pasta! So plebs and subs alike copypasta this for the greater good!
Plebs press 1 if you guys want freedom.... oh wait EleGiggle
You guys are super emotional right now, I haven't even said he's not OP, just that you shouldn't judge his power based on a game where you did everything against him wrong
admiral6 BUT  admiral6 admiral6 IS  admiral6 IT  admiral6 AS  admiral6 GOOD  admiral6 AS  admiral6 6 TREANTS?  admiral6
Arthour, potato harvest is bad. Need you to have play professional DOTO2 in Amerikanski for make money for head-scarf for babushka." I bring honor to komrade and babushka. Plz no copy pasteschniko
admiral1  admiral2 Don't talk to me or my TI Winner ever again  admiral3  admiral4  admiralTI
If you are looking for my bones, I can tell you I can't recall where i put them. But what I do know is that i have a very particular set of skills, skills I have acquired over a very long ruff life. Skills that make me a nightmare for people like you. If you help me find my bones now, that'll be the end of it. But if you dont, i wil find you, and i will lick you.
I didn't know my family was home so i was jerking off, and my little brother surprised me by being there while i was jerking. i turned around because he scared me accidental jizzed up his nose.
ME ORC SMOrc ME SPAM SMORc NO MODS SMOrc NO BAN
Bogdan isn't so great? Are you kidding me? When was the last time you saw a player with such an ability and movementin CSGO? Bogdan puts the game in another level, and we will be blessed if we ever see a player with his skill and passion for the game again. S1mple breaks records. Flusha breaks records. Bogdan breaks the rules. You can keep your statistics. I prefer the magic.
I was at the main hub where hillary was supposed to give her victory speech. Jesus Christ it was the WORST experience of my life. My mom dragged me along because she wanted to witness history and be there when the first woman president addressed the country. I KID YOU NOT, Every time (and I'm fucking serious i mean EVERY. FUCKING. TIME.) it was announced that another state had voted trump, maybe around 4 women would collapse, or just straight up bodyslam themselves to the ground and begin to either convulse, scream their heads off with tears streaming down their faces as if they've just been stabbed, or pretend to faint and lay on the ground for like 20 seconds like an idiot playing dead. I'd even hear screams from women across the crowd yell out "Oh my god, she's having a heart attack, someone call 911!" meaning that it wasn't just happening around the area I was standing. There was so much fucking screaming from the women near the end (like emotional screaming, not cheers) that I almost left before it was over. I even remember seeing one white chick screaming so hard that her whole head and eyes were bloodshot red, veins throbbing on her neck and everything. I moved my mother and myself towards the back of the crowd when they were going to announce the final vote because I knew the exits would be clogged up by more retards pretending to be ill or some shit causing the only exits to be blocked and everyone unable to leave. I wasn't wrong. Luckily I was one of the first ones out. Godamn it, even when we were walking down the hallways to get to the parking lot, there were so many fucking women sitting on the ground against the wall slumped over with people fanning their faces with homemade Hillary Clinton posters, screaming "Give her some air! Move away and give her air!". The whole thing was fucking wild, like what could you possibly change by acting out like that?
Why do people say DaZeD is banned? I looked at his profile and he has no VAC bans, and he's playing CS right now. It's honestly fucking incredible to see how retarded you kids on here are, talking about how DaZeD is banned, and how he threw a match, like who the fuck cares if someone throws a stick that easily catches fire. Then you jackasses ask him what he would do if he was unbanned, and it MAKES NO FUCKING SENSE because he's playing RIGHT NOW ON STREAM. JUST SHUT THE FUCK UP HE ISN'T BANNED
brb guys cats on fire again.
Guys, today I'm taking a personal vowel that from here on out I will only post high effort, quality messages in Twitch chat. Quote me on that. You will not see me any more copyer paster spamghetti. Twtich chat has ruined my life and it's time that I get it back on track. Please don't copy paster my vowels unless you're ready to change your life too.
Look. 
If you had
One shot 
Or one opportunity 
To seize the small boy you always wanted 
In one moment 
Would you capture him
Or just let him slip?

Yo
His palms are sweaty, life's bleak, child is heavy. 
There's a sniper aimed at him already, moms upsetti. 
Park service, they're nervous but look calm and ready 
To drop an ape, but they keep on regretting What they shot down, the Internet grows so loud 
They open their mouth, but the memes won't stop now 
Provoking, how, everybody's revolting now 
Nudeln are out, Harambe's down, over, blaow!
Snap back to Cincinnati, oh, there goes M Shkreli 
Oh, there go CBS, they choked, they so mad but he won't 
Let up that easy nope, he won't have it, he knows Harambe's the only hope, it don't matter to them dopes. 
He knows that, but he's provoked, he's so sad, they highbrow. 
When he's got a hold of the ape genome, that's when it's 
Back to the lab again, yo! This whole tragedy 
He better go clone that gorilla and hope they don't catch him 
i was born in the heart of Inuit Alaska, my mother raised my family using a knife called an 'ulu' to skin animals and build igloos. now i am banned from ee-sama stream for sharing my heritage.
Listen up you fcking dweebs, this is a WAKE UP CALL to all those who type "NA ULT LUL". I'm from NA and let me tell you what happens when I use my Ultimate Ability (Q on PC, Triangle on PS4, Y on X-box 1). The enemy team is eviscerated. Decimated. Their souls are expelled from the server and banished to Hell. They wallow in their own filth and shit for 10,000 days and it is disgusting. So next time you type "NA ULT LUL" you fcking remember this post.
ZFG you might now pb but atleast you will finish a run you can't expect to pb every time